cmd: document target granularity for push/pull/etc, et al. (#1384)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/push.md

cache (compared to the default remote.) It can be used to see what files
`dvc push` would upload.

If one or more `targets` are specified, DVC only considers the corresponding
files. Note that DVC supports granularity as well: the targets may be files or

> directories found inside a directory that is

Author: `files` but then `files or directories`, seems confusing :slightly_frowning_face:

Reviewer: Sorry, I don't understand the confusion, can you elaborate? These are two separate sentences:

> If one or more `targets` are specified, DVC only considers the corresponding **files**.
> Note that DVC supports granularity as well: the targets may be **files or directories** found inside a directory that is [tracked as a whole](/doc/command-reference/add#example-directory).

This granularity is a little confusing conceptually, maybe there's no way around that (unless we decide not to even mention it, of course, but then https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1384#discussion_r453969894).

the target [stage files](/doc/command-reference/run), through the corresponding
[pipelines](/doc/command-reference/pipeline), to find data files to push.

> If `targets` are files/directories tracked by DVC, DVC will download cache for
> them skipping the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `targets` are files/directories tracked by DVC, DVC will upload
them skipping the rest.
```

Reviewer: Also addressed in 489a6c11
